alright the game I'm playing is naruto
ninja warriors i'll give you a link here
it is number two ninja warriors and blah
blah blah blah blah blah all right let
me get back in the game alright as you
can see there is you can't really see it
but it's called yeah it's called aqua
cog a robe it's a new uh it's a new
village we made it's called aku village
it's basically like hell demon but we
wait we don't have all the juices and
all the clans encoded for we can get
through that well here how the suit
looks looks really bomb I like it um
let's come outside and here is here is
Naruto I you use his old original place
was a rain rain village but I decided to
move them here or it's easy it's easy to
find him because he's right here in
soccer as in the Hokage place
everything's the same basically
everything got damn puppies ha let me
kill these bastards and let's move on
and let's go to the a cat spawn a cat
spawn helper as you can see that the a
cat is has been moved and here are the
different villages
all you got to do is go through them and
you go to that village well here's a new
feature that I made it's a little arena
where you have to try out for a cat
organization it's basically like chinon
there's a sign of Chunin right there
that's just for fun here is a mission
jounin if you guys are wondering what
the hell that is basically you can
there's Thrones basically with the kages
the kages a cat leaders or people just
want to sit there and let's go to leaf
well there's not that many major updates
in the game there's going to be major
updates when we get that coder that's
going to be on on Monday october eight
2007 well here's my name your damn can
oh hell yeah little flash that is me and
that is the pit that the pet i just
killed earlier and here's another pet
that I killed no um there are some other
features I like my favorite move out of
the achieva i am the chia clan let's let
me release my sharing in here as you can
see i'm sure against King go that hard
shirring in level 3 and if I release it
i can use see
and that's the tutorial the whole leaf
village and update